<a href="http://www.hotels-in-vietnam.com/asia/vietnam/ho_chi_minh_saigon_hotels/the-reverie-saigon-hotel.html">Reverie Saigon Hotel</a> combines Vietnam’s local warmth and style with the luxurious pampering expected of a 5 star hotel. With breathtaking views of the Saigon River and the City, it also provides easy access to international schools, consulates, hospitals and famous landmarks. At Reverie Saigon Hotel, guests can indulge in a pampering massage at the spa or enjoy drinks served at the bar. Business centre and meeting/banquet facilities are available, while the 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage and airport transfers. Featured amenities include express check-in, express check-out, and dry cleaning/laundry services. Event facilities at this hotel consist of a conference center and meeting rooms. Free self parking is available onsite. A stay at the Reverie Saigon will set guests back $450 to $550 (USD) per night for a room and between $800 and $15000 per night for a suite. A dedicated butler comes as part of the package for Reverie and Saigon level suites. This is a 39 storey mixed-use development and has rooms that will benefit from Italian craftsmanship, featuring work from top design houses like Giorgetti, Visionnaire, Provasi and Colombo Stile. The 286 rooms and suites have been fitted out by four of Italy's finest interior designers and come with elaborate chandeliers, jewelled beds and velvet curtains. The hotel will boast a fleet of Rolls Royce and Bentley cars taking guests around the city. The ubiquitous spa and fitness centre will feature high on the list of attractions with many packages available in the fully equipped gym and resort style pool. Elegantly furnished, air-conditioned rooms come equipped with a wardrobe, minibar, a flat-screen TV and comfortable seating area. The en suite bathroom features a spa bathtub, shower facility, bathrobes and free toiletries. Ironing facilities are also available. Each of the 286 rooms features floor-to-ceiling windows, and there are 12 categories and sizes of rooms, the hotel announcement says. It said that tourists will be impressed by the hotel’s modern living space mixed with classical European style.
